yep that's me just seeing Bree and
anything but average i'm a 22 year old
undergrad from the university of florida
with a BA in English and a minor in mass
comm and anthropology I'm an explorer a
go-getter I've written two books I've
log have an extensive journal
collections and I take pictures of
everything welcome to my world
this internship is an opportunity of a
lifetime I'm ready to lead the states
and find the next adventure I love
animals staying active try new foods
meeting new people
working with others the great outdoors
and especially photography life is meant
to be lived to the fullest and I intend
to document every second in time I wish
to write a story that will touch the
lives of others and Panama just might be
a stepping stone in
Mark Twain Winston rod wholesome
charitable views of men and things
cannot be acquired by vegetating and one
little corner of the earth all one's
left now it's my turn to go out and live
what I love you won't be disappointed
and I won't let you down my name is
Brianna Bannos and I am your next East
LA palanca intern see you soon